Welcome back. I'm Dr. Chaps. We're here at the return in Washington, D.C. This is Pastor Jim Garlow, and you came all the way from San Diego.
Well, what is happening in San Diego that you had to leave there to come to Washington, D.C.? There's a lot happening in California right now and some of it's not good. We got a legislature that's the most
The most...
horribly liberal legislative body in the history of Western civilization. Strong statement to make.
Yeah. But they just decided now that a 24-year-old man had sex with a 14-year-old boy. Yeah.
That's a good thing.
well i saw there was a an openly gay senator who ran that bill and it used the restrictions so the judges don't have to put them on a sex offender list if they're molesting.
- You're moisting a child? - Yeah. You can be a sex offender, you just don't have to register with one anymore
That's California. While our churches, pastors are being threatened.
One church finds her up to $52,750 for doing what? For having services. Another one is being threatened with jail. Numbers of them being threatened right now.
now.
He was arrested by our by our governor, but he signed into a bill.
I mean, a law.
that reduces any kind of a sentence for pedophilia. That's what we're facing at our state. We need God. With regard to freedom of worship for churches in California, you're following the
It's Dr. John MacArthur and his church. What's the latest that you know and what is the...
Governor of California doing.
Well he just won a case i'm not conversant on it that just came through i actually read that today and i'm not conversant with the interest interest is the case i'm always a little cautious because sometimes i'll be
Sometimes they'll say, wait, one case, but you look into the fine print and it wasn't as good as it sounds. I'm hoping this one is better than the last one that reports like that came. So hopefully it's good news he did.
He did win a case. But there are churches that are simply all over the state not being allowed to open. The governor saying, fine, you can meet outside. We had a heat wave in our area of San Diego, Eagle.
Eastern part of the county of San Diego of 115 on a recent weekend. We never have temperatures like that. They expected us to meet outside.
And you can imagine what that would be like, particularly for older people and for children as well.
unrealistic even in auditorium that the church that I built there I'm not pastoring currently as pastored by my successor
But it is a 2000 seat auditorium.
They weren't allowed to have more than 100 people in there or even that.
That's how bizarre.
It is. You can go to Costco.
And you get on a plane, I flew here on a plane, but the person in front of me was, you know, 18 inches away from me or so.
But we're not allowed to workshop. Meanwhile, anyone can shop in Walmart and anyone could go gamble in Las Vegas and it's just a double standard in logs.
Las Vegas is even even worse because the casino can be a 50% capacity, but a church can't be a 50% capacity based upon the Calvary Chapel Dayton Valley Roadway.
A ruling that came out, I think, around July 25th or so. That ruling was churches cannot have more than 50 rulings.
Now a casino can have 50 percent.
And so a recent evangelicals for Trump rally was moved into a hotel.
The room seat is 1600. So by law in the casino you should have 800. The head 800.
uh but the authorities shut it down because the evangelicals for Trump rally had at the beginning three praise songs therefore they declared it was a church no longer a casino
You're going to have 50 people. The governor of the state, the mayor of Las Vegas, the attorney general of the state,
at 4:47 PM started at 5:00 PM. So the notification said the the police over this a gun shut this thing down.
Now fortunately they did not the police did not even want to shut it down
And they went through with it. So what did they do the next day? Notified the owner. This is a.
It's a her and a her in hotel. Don a her in the owner notified him they're shutting down the hotel and they closed him down.
So you've escaped California for the moment. You're here in Washington, D.C. Why? What is the return?
Well, first of all, we have a ministry here in D.C. So we live in San Diego, but we're in D.C. most of the time pre-COVID. We have a weekly Bible study. Our ministry is called Well-Versed. We have a weekly
a weekly Bible study at the fight in the Congress, so right ahead of us there at the Capitol building. And then we have weekly Bible studies at the United Nations in New York City.
in New York City.
And we meet privately with ambassadors there.
And then we have an occasional Bible study we co-sponsored with some Jewish rabbis in the Knesset.
Jews and Christians studying the Tanakh.
together we meet with government officials and if I can give a plug well versed world org is is website but we're here to return because Kevin Jessup and John
Jonathan Kahn, good friends, long-term good friends.
have declared our nation to something we need to do and it's a day of repentance. Yeah. And Kevin's been making the case, he's worked on this for seven years.
He's made the case is not a case of just prayer. It's a case of a day of repentance. Yeah, that's a different thing to say that.
So I've got to hand it to him. This is what we have gathered for.
As believers, we're not coming here.
On the issue of, for example, say, abortion.
To criticize the spineless judges.
Or weak-kneed legislators who have created a horrible problem killing babies in the womb.
We're in a sense, repenting on the part of the church. The church could tolerate such a thing that would even have happened.
And started and for it to continue.
So it is a day of repentance.
Hi, I'm honored to be a part of it with you. Would you lead our audience in a word of prayer?
Father we come to you as followers of Jesus and knowing we haven't measured up to that standard
In so many ways and we repent of that.
We want to be like Jesus in every respect.
With the boldness and the courage
Yet the tenderness and the grace
So teach us to move in both grace and truth. Grace first and then truth latter.
And Lord, as we...
reflect on us as the church of Jesus Christ.
We repent of our failures, our sins, our spinelessness, our...
Times where we said too much and didn't say it right and our times we were silent.
When we should have vocalized the truth.
So may we be infused and filled with your spirit in such a way
We truly are the church of Jesus Christ.
We long to reflect you and be you.
In the culture.
And we pray for an outbreak of the
of a revival, a spiritual renewal, first in our own hearts, the church at large.
And then to splatter across this nation in inexplicable ways. And what happens only you can get the glory.
For what takes place.
We pray this in the mighty name Yeshua HaMashiach, Jesus the Messiah.
Amen. Amen. Pastor Jim Garlow has a church in California and also a ministry here in Washington, D.C. What was that website you mentioned again? Wellversedworld.com.
I've been pastoring my whole life until just two years ago. I stepped out of that so I could be full-time here at the Capitol, New York City, at the United Nations. We've met with 93 of the 100 people here.
We have 193 of the 193 ambassadors there. And then we meet with heads of state in every country where God opens the doors. So we've been meeting with members of parliament or Congress or
or heads of state in various countries to try to bring biblical principles of governance to governmental leaders. Amen. I love it.
I'm Dr. Chaps. We'll be right back at the return in Washington, D.C.
You know, the Bible says in 1 Timothy 2 that we are to pray for kings and all those in authority. Why?
So that we can live peaceful lives in godliness and contentment.
In that spirit of prayer, we have commissioned 500 commemorative Donald Trump golden coins.
Each one says, "In God we trust."
And we will send this to you for a donation of any amount.
When you call us right now at 866-OVEGA
or give through our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
There's a limited number of these commemorative coins and why would you have this?
Well, every time you look at it or feel it in your pocket,
We want you to be reminded to pray for our president, especially in this election year, especially with all that's been happening in the news. We need to uplift.
In the past 24 hours, the U.S. has been
Call us right now at 8660-BAGOT and for a donation of any amount, listen, we're running out. Limited supplies. Call us right now and we'll ship you a Donald Trump coin.
coin.